[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-react-application.md

# Deploy a React application

> React is a popular framework for building reactive and powerful front end applications, built by the open-source team at Facebook.

Reviewer: Style guide may say "front end" but this not how it's actually formatted IRL. Here's a poll from years ago, and I've only seen it grow further in the direction of `frontend` followed by `front-end`. https://css-tricks.com/poll-results-front-end-front-end/

> React is a popular framework for building reactive and powerful front end applications, built by the open-source team at Facebook.

Author: ```suggestion
React is a popular framework for building reactive and powerful front-end applications, built by the open-source team at Facebook.
```

> In this guide, you will create a new React application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will be using `create-react-app`, a batteries-included tool for generating new React applications.

Author: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will create a new React application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will use `create-react-app`, a batteries-included tool for generating new React applications.
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set u**p builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set u**p builds and deployments** section, provide the following information:
```

</TableLayout>

After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `create-react-app`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside type="note">

For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`. 
Every time you commit new code to your React application, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your React site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your React site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer to our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
